Update _index.md (#782)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/reference/gsctl/_index.md

description: Documentation on gsctl, the Giant Swarm command line utility to create and delete clusters, create key pairs and more.
layout: subsection
weight: 20
user_questions:
- What are the commands for the Giant Swarm command line utility, gsctl?

> - What is the command to access gsctl commands from the command line itself?

Reviewer: Is this towards listing the subcommands of gsct?

```suggestion
- What is the list of subcommands of gsctl?
```

- How do I find which version of gsctl I am using?
- How do I install or update gsctl on my machine?

> - What are the configuartion parameters that I can change on gsctl?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What are the configuration parameters that I can change on gsctl?
```

> - Are there known bugs and limitations for gsctl?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Are there known bugs and limitations for gsctl?
- What are the command line flags of gsctl?
```
